Multi-application Workflows (#4847)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/developing-applications/building-blocks/workflow/workflow-patterns.md

{{< /tabpane >}}

> With the release of 1.16, it's even easier to process workflow activities in parallel while putting an upper cap on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can process workflow activities in parallel while putting an upper cap on
```

External events don't have to be directly triggered by humans. They can also be triggered by other systems. For example, a workflow may need to pause and wait for a payment to be received. In this case, a payment system might publish an event to a pub/sub topic on receipt of a payment, and a listener on that topic can raise an event to the workflow using the raise event workflow API.

> ## Cross-app workflows

Reviewer 2: Please migrate these to the `workflow-multi-app.md` file

Author: Albert is going to push a commit for this 👍🏻
